Priority Projects for Digital Services 
=======================================

Glue Projects
-------------

1\. WCAG

2\. Github integration

3\. Schedule pdfs

4\. Schedule line renaming

5\. Site performance improvements

6\. Fares Navigation updates

7\. Google search console errors

8\. Metro.net search optimization

Fares Phase 1
-------------

Deadline: October 1

Our fares are confusing in general. Big fare related changes are happening November 1, 2021. How might we make fares less confusing when a user goes to metro.net on Nov.1?

-   Fares Overview page - John, Amanda, Monica?, Joe, Alex

-   Can Joe update content and design?

-   Fares main navigation dropdown - John, Amanda, Monica?, Joe, Alex

-   We can update copy but need Glue to update design. 

Fares Phase 2
-------------

-   LIFE page - John, Amanda, Monica?, Joe, Alex

Digital Services Documentation & Process
----------------------------------------

Deadline: October 2021?

If You Don't Stand for Something, You'll Fall for Anything. 

We all need to align in what our approach to Digital is for Metro. This means writing down and committing to a path so that we can see if it's correct or needs modification.

-   Publish v1.0 of our approach to digital (manifesto) - John, Nina, Albert, Alex

-   publish v1.0 of our workflow - John, Nina, Albert, Alex

-   Move contractors/us over to github - Nina, Albert, the Glue

-   How to sustain metro.net without contractors - Nina, Albert, Joe

-   Identify what is custom, including things like the schedules and the homepage

-   Identify if joe/nina/albert can uncustom it, and bring it in-house like moving schedules to github

-   Have the Glue uncustom the things we can't or don't have time for between now and the end of their contract. 

-   Digital Training - Joe, Nina, Dave, Albert, Alex

-   How to WP

-   How to Calendar

-   How to Active campaign

-   How to Google Analytics

-   How to Google Tag manager

-   How to add tasks to Digi Projects via Github or filter to Github

-   Other?

Metro.net Usability Updates 
----------------------------

Deadline: December 31, 2021

-   WCAG 2.0 (accessibility compliance)

-   Optimize site performance (speed)

-   Google Errors

-   Search

-   content updates based on user and internal feedback

Mybus
-----

Deadline: Next shakeup in December?

-   Make it sustainable - John, Nina, Albert

-   New features - John, Nina, Albert, Monica

-   How to handle pdf schedules - Nina, Albert

-   How to handle line renaming - Nina, Albert

-   How to handle adding new lines - Nina, Albert

Design System
-------------

Deadline: Unknown

We finally have a stable website! Time to make some UX/UI improvements!

### UI kit v2021

-   Homepage - John, Monica

-   Projects Section - John, Monica, Ana

-   How we work with Design Studio. Roles & Responsibilities - John, Monica

-   How do we work with Env Signage team

-   Rider Tools?

Trip Planner, but really it's more than that. 
----------------------------------------------

Ideal state - GTFS-RT
---------------------

Clarity on what is is that they are doing

Deadline: December 31, 2021 for findings and recommendations

Metro.net points to Google Maps, ITS has an internal TP for Customer Care, Transit App uses their own TP, Kiosks have a quasi TP, and people will always continue to use other TP's like Apple Maps, Moovit, Google Maps, etc.. What should we do?

-   Define what ITS is offering - John, Nina, Alex

-   What are our data sets (gtfs, fares, alerts, RT service changes, accessibility, amenities, etc)?

-   Can they be individual data sets to be used as ingredients in various recipes instead of having the pie already made?

-   Can they be APIs?

-   How accurate are they?

-   Define accuracy

-   How to build in testing for accuracy and updates?

-   How real-time are they?

-   How open-source are they?

-   See what MBTA is doing - Nina, Albert, Alex

-   See what Tri-met is doing - Nina, Albert, Alex

18F SOW
-------

Deadline: November to start working with them on the future Digital RFP?

Do all the back and forth to finalize a SOW and get 18F on board. - Alex, Nina

WP Calendar for Councils
------------------------

Deadline: October 2021

Because of costs and resources we can no longer support multiple ways to post events and we're providing a WP solution and training to post events. These events should live in Legistar, but Collete said they can't support it. We can't either but at least we're offering something because it's always been on metro.net.

They want their archive but the current metro.net does not offer that. Metro.net is not a research tool. Legistar is.

-   Write response to Colette and Service Councils

-   Include the reality that we are not an archive, and benefits of Dropbox like search and ability to tag. 

-   Add folders for each committee into dropbox to help with file organization

-   Agree in response to C & SC

-   Check with Matt on his Archive preferences for Service Council materials. 

-   Check with Matt on possibility to archive and make accessible previous Service Council materials

-   Joe/Glue - can we add a filter to "all calendar events" that links from homepage?

-   Bern - who are the marketing reps for all the councils

Maps  
------

-   Goal of Open Data

-   Consistency & Guidelines

Open data
---------

-   Cal ITP

-   Ridership stats dashboard

-   Open data portal

Identify Tags

Metro.net ux/ui

Data & API

Rider Tools

Calendar

Design System

Process & Documentation